strategy:alternate

C. Batini ; M. Scannapieco
    Data and Information Quality: Dimensions, Principles and Techniques

C. Kiefer
    „Unlocking information from free text fields“, Unveröffentlichter Bericht des Instituts für Parallele und Verteilte Systeme, Stuttgart

R. Krestel ; D. Mottin ; E. Müller ; Ser. CEUR
    ——, „Assessing the quality of unstructured data: an initial overview“, in Proceedings of the LWDA 2016 Proceedings (LWDA), (Potsdam, Germany, 12

R. Feldman ; J. Sanger
    The text mining handbook: advanced approaches in analyzing unstructured data

P. Jackson ; I. Moulinier
    Natural language processing for online applications: Text retrieval, extraction and categorization

Y. Huang
    „Intelligent typo correction and text categorization using machine learning and ontology networks“, Diss

D. L. Lee ; H. Chuang ; K. Seamons
    „Document ranking and the vector-space model“, IEEE software, Bd

S. Robertson
    „Understanding inverse document frequency: on theoretical arguments for idf“, Journal of documentation, Bd

J. A. Hartigan
    Clustering algorithms, Ser

P. J. Rousseeuw
    „Silhouettes: a graphical aid to the interpretation and validation of cluster analysis“, Journal of computational and applied mathematics, Bd

B. Carter ; M. Hofmann
    „An analysis into using unstructured non-expert text in the illicit drug domain“, in Advance Computing Conference (IACC)

K. E. Kumar ; H. A. Ahmed
    „Estimation of traffc wiith accuracy through twitter stream analysis“, International journal of innovative technologies, Bd

A. Jalaparthi ; A. S. Kumar
    „Monitoring and analysis of real time detection of traffc firom twitter stream analysis“, International journal of scientific research in computer science and engineering, Bd

E. D’Andrea ; P. Ducange ; B. Lazzerini ; F. Marcelloni
    „Real-time detection of traffc firom twitter stream analysis“, IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, Bd

S. Bhosale ; S. Kokate
    „Traffc dietection using tweets on twitter social network“, International Journal, Bd

A. Srivastava ; B. Zane
    -Ulman, „Discovering recurring anomalies in text reports regarding complex space systems“, in IEEE Aerospace Conference

M. Gamon ; A. Aue ; S. Corston


B. Brooks
    „Shifting the focus of strategic occupational injury prevention: mining freetext, workers compensation claims data“, Safety Science, Bd

N. Alsaedi ; P. Burnap
    „Arabic event detection in social media“, in Computational Linguistics and Intelligent Text Processing: 16th International Conference, CICLing

C.-H. Lee ; Expert Systems with Applications
    „Mining spatio-temporal information on microblogging streams using a density-based online clustering method“, , Bd

M. Ghazizadeh ; A. D. McDonald ; J. D. Lee
    „Text mining to decipher free-response consumer complaints: insights from the nhtsa vehicle owner’s complaint database“, Human Factors: The Journal of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society

A. S. Abrahams ; J. Jiao ; G. A. Wang ; W. Fan
    „Vehicle defect discovery from social media“, Decision Support Systems, Bd

P.-N. Tan ; H. Blau ; S. Harp ; R. Goldman
    „Textual data mining of service center call records“, in Proceedings of the Sixth ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Ser

N. Jakob ; S. H. Weber ; M. C. Müller ; I. Gurevych
    „Beyond the stars: exploiting free-text user reviews to improve the accuracy of movie recommendations“, in Proceedings of the 1st International CIKM Workshop on Topic-sentiment Analysis for Mass Opinion, Ser

A. Medem ; M. I. Akodjenou ; R. Teixeira
    „Troubleminer: mining network trouble tickets“, in Integrated Network Management-Workshops

R. Chougule ; D. Rajpathak ; P. Bandyopadhyay
    „An integrated framework for effective service and repair in the automotive domain: an application of association mining and case-based-reasoning“, Computers in Industry, Bd

R. Nayak ; N. Piyatrapoomi ; J. Weligamage
    „Application of text mining in analysing road crashes for road asset management“, in Engineering Asset Lifecycle Management: Proceedings of the 4th World Congress on Engineering Asset Management (WCEAM

T. Nasukawa ; T. Nagano
    „Text analysis and knowledge mining system“, IBM Systems Journal, Bd

G. Forman ; E. Kirshenbaum ; J. Suermondt
    „Pragmatic text mining: minimizing human effort to quantify many issues in call logs“, in Proceedings of the 12th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Ser

K. J. Millman ; M. Aivazis
    „Python for scientists and engineers“, Computing in Science & Engineering, Bd

M. Foord ; N. Larosa ; R. Dennis ; E. Courtwright
    Configobj 5 introduction and reference, Aug

S. Tosi
    Matplotlib for Python developers

F. Pedregosa ; G. Varoquaux ; A. Gramfort ; V. Michel ; B. Thirion ; O. Grisel ; M. Blondel ; P. Prettenhofer ; R. Weiss ; V. Dubourg


S. Van
    Der Walt, S

S. Bird
    „Nltk: the natural language toolkit“, in Proceedings of the COLING/ACL on Interactive presentation sessions, Association for Computational Linguistics

B. DeWilde Textacy
    higher-level nlp built on spacy

Textblob
    simplified text processing

M. Pecht ; A. Ramakrishnan ; J. Fazio ; C. E. Nash
    „The role of the u

National highway traffc siafety administration offce iof defects investigation.
    vehicle owner’s complaint database
