strategy:alternate

Breitmeier D. ; Seeland-Schulze I. ; Hecker H. ; Schneider U.
    The Influence of blood alcohol concentrations around 0.03% on neuropsychological functions - a double-blind placebo-controlled investigation

Beirness D. ; Vogel-Sprott M.
    Alcohol tolerance in social drinkers: operant and classical conditioning effects

Borkenstein R. F. ; Crowther R. F. ; Shumate R. P. ; Ziel W. B. ; Zylman R.
    The role of drinking driver in traffic accidents (The Grand Rapids Study)

Bundesministerium  der Justiz  und  für  Verbraucherschutz
    Gesetze und Verordnungen

Burian S.  E. ; Hensberry R. ; Liguori A.
    Differential effects of alcohol an alcohol expectancy on risk-taking during simulated driving

Fillmore M.  T. ; Carscadden J.  L. ; Vogel-Sprott M.
    Alcohol, Cognitive Impairment and Expectancies

Hansen M. A.
    Retrospektive Untersuchung zu den Auswirkungen der Einführung der Atemalkoholkonzentration als gerichtsverwertbares Beweismittel im Ordnungswidrigkeitenrecht

Harrison E. L. R. ; Fillmore M. T.
    Alcohol and distraction interact to impair Driving performance

Heuer K.
    Trotz Alkohol fit im Kopf!

Kazenwadel J. ; Vollrath M.
    Das Dunkelfeld der Trunkenheitsfahrten

Kolasinski E. M.
    Simulator Sickness in Virtual Environments

Krampe A.
    Expertise. Straßenverkehrssicherheit in Deutschland unter besonderer Berücksichtigung der Altersgruppe der 18- bis 24-jährigen Fahranfänger

Krüger H.-P. ; Kazenwadel J. ; Vollrath M.
    Das Unfallrisiko unter Alkohol mit besonderer Berücksichtigung risikoerhöhender Faktoren

Kuratorium  für Verkehrssicherheit
    Alkohol am Steuer tötet

Marczinski C. A. ; Fillmore M. T.
    Compensating for alcohol-induced Impairment of control: effects on inhibition and activation of behavior

Martin T. L ; Solbeck P. A. M. ; Mayers D. J. ; Langille R. M. ; Buczek Y. ; Pelletier M. R.
    A Review of Alcohol-Impaired Driving: The Role of Blood Alcohol Concentration and Complexity of the Driving Task

Moskowitz H. ; Fiorentino D.
    A review of the scientific literature regarding the effects of alcohol on driving-related behavior at blood alcohol Concentrations of 0.08 grams per deciliter and lower

Moskowitz H. ; Fiorentino D.
    A review of the literature on the Effects of Low Doses of Alcohol on driving-Related Skills

Moskowitz H. ; Robinson C. D.
    Effects of Low Doses of Alcohol on Driving-related Skills: A Review of the evidence

Rumph H.-J. ; Hapke U. ; John U.
    Lübecker Alkoholabhängigkeits- und -missbrauchs-Screening-Test

Schmidt R. ; Dettmeyer R. ; Padosch S. ; Madea B.
    Beweiswert rechtsmedizinischer Begutachtungskriterien zur Feststellung der relativen alkoholbedingten Fahruntüchtigkeit

Schnabel Eva
    Alcohol and driving-related performance - A comprehensive meta-analysis focussing the significance of the nonsignificant

Sdao-Jarvie K. ; Vogel-Sprott M.
    Learning Alcohol Tolerance By Mental or Physical Practice

Statistisches  Bundesamt
    Verkehr. Verkehrsunfälle 2013

Statistisches  Bundesamt
    Verkehrsunfälle

Strafgesetzbuch
    §316 Trunkenheit im Verkehr

Verkehrsunfallstatistik Braunschweig
    Verkehrsunfallstatistik 2012 für das Stadtgebiet Braunschweig

Vogel-Sprott M.
    Is behavioral tolerance learned

Vogel-Sprott M. ; Sdao-Jarvie K.
    Learning alcohol tolerance: the contribution of response expectancies

Vollrath M.
    Lernprozesse bei Alkoholtoleranz

Vollrath M. ; Krems J.
    Verkehrspsychologie

Würzburger  Institut  für Verkehrswissenschaften  GmbH
    Fahrsimulationssoftware SILAB 3.0
