strategy:alternate

Anderson H. ; A. Pottier D. Strachan
    Asthma from birth to age 23: incidence and relation to prior and concurrent atopic disease

Benke G. ; M. Sim D. McKenzie ; E. MacFarlane A. D. Monaco ; J. Hoving L. Fritschi
    Comparison of First, Last and Longest-Held Jobs as Surrogates for All Jobs in Estimating Cumulative Exposure in Cross-Sectional Studies of Work-Related Asthma

Fahrmeir L. ; T. Kneib S. Lang
    Regression -Modelle, Methoden und Anwendungen

Fahrmeir L. R. Künstler I. Pigeot und G. Tutz
    Statistik - Der Weg zur Datenanalyse

Geis A.
    Handbuch für die Berufsvercodung

Honaker J. und G. King
    What to do about Missing Values in Time Series Cross-Section Data

Honaker J. ; G. King M. Blackwell
    Amelia II: A Program for Missing Data - Version 1.2-0

Kennedy S. N. LeMounal D. Choudat und F. Kauffmann
    Development of an asthma specific job exposure matrix and its application in the epidemiological study of genetics and environment in asthma (EGEA)

King G. J. Honaker A. Joseph und K. Scheve
    Analyzing Incomplete Political Science Data: An Alternative Algorithm for Multiple Imputation

Little R. ; Rubin D.
    Statistical Analysis with Missing Data

Radon K. et al.
    Berufilche Allergierisiken - Die SOLAR-Kohortenstudie

Radon K. et al.
    Manifestation allergischer Krankheiten bei jungen Erwachsenen in Zusammenhang mit dem Eintritt in das Berufsleben

Riu E. ; H. Dressel D. Windstetter ; G. Weinmayr S. Weiland ; C. Vogelberg W. Leupold ; E. von Mutius D.Nowak ; K. Radon
    First months of employment and new onset of rhinitis in adolescents

Sachs L. und J. Hedderich
    Angewandte Statistik - Methodensammlung mit R

Schafer J. und M. Olsen
    Multiple Imputation for Multivariate Missing-Data Problems: A Data Analyst´s Perspective

Strachan D.
    Hay fever, hygiene, and household size

Toutenburg H.
    Lineare Modelle

Toutenburg H. und C. Heumann
    Deskriptive Statistik - Eine Einführung in Methoden und Anwendungen mit SPSS
