strategy:alternate

Alaee M.
    An overview of commercially used brominated flame retardants, theirapplications, their use patterns in different countries/regions and possible modes ofrelease

Arp H. P. H. ; Moskeland T. ; Andersson P. L. ; and Nyholm J. R.
    Presence andpartitioning properties of the flame retardants pentabromotoluene,pentabromoethylbenzene and hexabromobenzene near suspected source zones inNorway

Baron E. ; Manez M. ; Andreu A. C. ; Sergio F. ; Hiraldo F. ; Eljarrat E. ; Barcelo D.
    Bioaccumulation and biomagnification of emerging and classical flameretardants in bird eggs of 14 species from Donana Natural Space and surrounding areas(South-western Spain)

Eriksson P. ; Jakobsson E. ; and Fredriksson A.
    Brominated flame retardants: anovel class of developmental neurotoxicants in our environment? Environmental healthperspectives 109, 9, 903-908

Stieger G. ; Scheringer M. ; Ng C. A. ; and Hungerbühler K.
    Assessing thepersistence, bioaccumulation potential and toxicity of brominated flame retardants: dataavailability and quality for 36 alternative brominated flame retardants

o.A.
    NO TITLE

EFSA.
    Scientific Opinion on Emerging and Novel Brominated Flame Retardants(BFRs) in Food

Darnerud P.
    Toxic effects of brominated flame retardants in man and in wildlife

Cao H. ; Li X. ; Zhang W. ; Wang L. ; Pan Y. ; Zhou Z. ; Chen M. ; Zhang A. ; Liang Y. ; and Song M.
    Anti-estrogenic activity of tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanuratethrough disruption of co-activator recruitment: experimental and computational studies

Canton R. F. ; Sanderson J. T. ; Nijmeijer S. ; Bergman A. ; Letcher R. J. ; van denBerg M.
    In vitro effects of brominated flame retardants and metabolites onCYP17 catalytic activity: a novel mechanism of action? Toxicology and AppliedPharmacology 216, 2, 274-281

Green J.
    Mechanisms for Flame Retardancy and Smoke suppression -A Review

Hartmann C. ; Scharf S. ; Uhl M. ; Moche W. ; and Weiß S.
    BromierteFlammschutzmittel in der Umwelt

Troitzsch J. ; Becker W. ; and Haim J.
    International plastics flammabilityhandbook

Eljarrat E. ; Barcelo D.
    Brominated Flame Retardants 16

Binnewies M. ; Finze M. ; Jäckel M. ; Schmidt P. ; Willner H. ; Rayner-Canham G.
    Allgemeine und Anorganische Chemie

Holleman A. F. ; Wiberg E. ; and Wiberg N.
    Lehrbuch der anorganischenChemie

Grand A. F. and Wilkie C. A.
    Fire retardancy of polymeric materials

Wilkie C. A. and Morgan A. B.
    Fire retardancy of polymeric materials

Andersson P. L. ; Öberg K. ; and Örn U.
    CHEMICAL CHARACTERIZATIONOF BROMINATED FLAME RETARDANTS AND IDENTIFICATION OFSTRUCTURALLY REPRESENTATIVE COMPOUNDS

Bergman A. ; Ryden A. ; Law R. J. ; Boer J. de ; Covaci A. ; Alaee M. ; Birnbaum L. ; Petreas M. ; Rose M. ; Sakai S. ; van den Eede N. ; van der Veen I.
    A novelabbreviation standard for organobromine, organochlorine and organophosphorus flameretardants and some characteristics of the chemicals

Hodgson E.
    In vitro human phase I metabolism of xenobiotics I: pesticides andrelated compounds used in agriculture and public health, May Journal ofbiochemical and molecular toxicology 17, 4, 201-206

Introduction to Drug Metabolism 3rd Ed (Gibson, Introduction to Drug Metabolism).978074876
    Medicine & Health Science Books @ Amazon.com

Hakk H.
    Metabolism in the toxicokinetics and fate of brominated flameretardants—a review

Ballesteros-Gomez A. ; Erratico C. A. ; van den Eede N. ; Ionas A. C. ; Leonards P. E.G. ; Covaci A.
    In vitro metabolism of 2-ethylhexyldiphenyl phosphate(EHDPHP) by human liver microsomes

Gross M. S. ; Butryn D. M. ; McGarrigle B. P. ; Aga D. S. ; and Olson J. R.
    Primary role of cytochrome P450 2B6 in the oxidative metabolism of 2,2',4,4',6-pentabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-100) to hydroxylated BDEs

Huang X. ; Chen C. ; Shang Y. ; Zhong Y. ; Ren G. ; Yu Z. ; and An J.
    In vitrostudy on the biotransformation and cytotoxicity of three hexabromocyclododecanediastereoisomers in liver cells

Li J. ; Zhang Y. ; Du Z. ; Peng J. ; Mao L. ; and Gao S.
    Biotransformation of OH-PBDEs by pig liver microsomes: Investigating kinetics, identifying metabolites, andexamining the role of different CYP isoforms

Lupton S. J. ; McGarrigle B. P. ; Olson J. R. ; Wood T. D. ; and Aga D. S.
    Human liver microsome-mediated metabolism of brominated diphenyl ethers 47, 99,and 153 and identification of their major metabolites

Nguyen K.-H. ; Abou-Elwafa Abdallah M. ; Moehring T. ; Harrad S.
    Biotransformation of the Flame Retardant 1,2-Dibromo-4-(1,2-dibromoethyl)cyclohexane (TBECH) in Vitro by Human Liver Microsomes

Zheng X. ; Erratico C. ; Luo X. ; Mai B. ; and Covaci A.
    Oxidative metabolismof BDE-47, BDE-99, and HBCDs by cat liver microsomes: Implications of cats assentinel species to monitor human exposure to environmental pollutants

Esslinger S. ; Becker R. ; Maul R. ; and Nehls I.
    HexabromocyclododecaneEnantiomers: Microsomal Degradation and Patterns of Hydroxylated Metabolites

Muller P.
    Glossary of terms used in physical organic chemistry (IUPACRecommendations 1994)

Längin A. ; Schuster A. ; and Kümmerer K.
    Chemicals in the environment-theneed for a clear nomenclature: parent compounds, metabolites, transformation productsand their elimination

Shih Y.-h. and Wang C.-K.
    Photolytic degradation of polybromodiphenyl ethersunder UV-lamp and solar irradiations

Xu B. ; Wu M. ; Pan C. ; Sun Y. ; Yuan D. ; Tang L. ; and Xu G.
    Aquaticphotolysis of hydroxylated polybromodiphenyl ethers under direct UV irradiation: acase study of 2'-HO-BDE-68

Yu Y. ; Zhou D. ; and Wu F.
    Mechanism and products of the photolysis ofhexabromocyclododecane in acetonitrile-water solutions under a UV-C lamp

Bao Y. and Niu ; J.
    Photochemical transformation of tetrabromobisphenol Aunder simulated sunlight irradiation: Kinetics, mechanism and influencing factors

Christiansson A. ; Eriksson J. ; Teclechiel D. ; and Bergman A.
    Identification andquantification of products formed via photolysis of decabromodiphenyl ether

Fang L. ; Huang J. ; Yu G. ; and Wang L.
    Photochemical degradation of sixpolybrominated diphenyl ether congeners under ultraviolet irradiation in hexane

Leal J. F. ; Esteves V. I. ; and Santos E. B. H.
    BDE-209: kinetic studies andeffect of humic substances on photodegradation in water

Liang D. ; Wang C. ; Sun J. ; and Li S. P.
    Photolytic degradation of tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate (TBC) in aqueous systems

Pan Y. ; Tsang D. C.W. ; Wang Y. ; Li Y. ; and Yang X.
    The photodegradation ofpolybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in various environmental matrices: Kineticsand mechanisms

Santos M. S. F. ; Alves A. ; and Madeira L. M.
    Chemical and photochemicaldegradation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in liquid systems - A review

Wang M. ; Wang H. ; Zhang R. ; Ma M. ; Mei K. ; Fang F. ; and Wang X.
    Photolysis of Low-Brominated Diphenyl Ethers and Their Reactive Oxygen Species-Related Reaction Mechanisms in an Aqueous System

Wang R. ; Li H. ; Tao X. ; Tang T. ; Lin H. ; Huang K. ; Zhong Z. ; Yang X. ; Dang Z. ; Yin H. ; and Lu G.
    Photodebromination behaviors of polybrominated diphenylethers in methanol/water systems: Mechanisms and predicting descriptors

Zhang M. ; Lu J. ; He Y. ; and Wilson P. C.
    Photocatalytic degradation ofpolybrominated diphenyl ethers in pure water system

Zhang Y.-N. ; Chen J. ; Xie Q. ; Li Y. ; and Zhou C.
    Photochemicaltransformation of five novel brominated flame retardants: Kinetics and photoproducts

Zhou D. ; Wu Y. ; Feng X. ; Chen Y. ; Wang Z. ; Tao T. ; and Wei D.
    Photodegradation of hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD) by Fe(III) complexes/H2O 2under simulated sunlight

Bastos P. M. ; Eriksson J. ; and Bergman A.
    Photochemical decomposition ofdissolved hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers under various aqueousconditions

Soo-Myung Kim ; A. V.
    Degradation of Organic Pollutants by thePhoto‐Fenton‐Process

Weber R.
    Relevance of BFRs and thermal conditions on the formation pathwaysof brominated and brominated-chlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans

Dettmer FT
    Bromorganische Flammschutzmittel-Analytische Anforderungenund thermische Bildung von polybromierten Dibenzo-p-dioxinen und Dibenzofuranen.Dissertation, University of Braunschweig.

Barontini F. ; Marsanich K. ; Petarca L. ; and Cozzani V.
    The ThermalDegradation Process of Tetrabromobisphenol A

Altarawneh M. and Dlugogorski B. Z.
    Thermal decomposition of 1,2-bis(2,4,6-tribromophenoxy)ethane (BTBPE), a novel brominated flame retardant

Barontini F. ; Cozzani V. ; Cuzzola A. ; and Petarca L.
    Investigation ofhexabromocyclododecane thermal degradation pathways by gas chromatography/massspectrometry

Barontini F. ; Cozzani V. ; and Petarca L.
    Thermal Stability and DecompositionProducts of Hexabromocyclododecane

Lohmann W. and Karst U.
    Simulation of the detoxification of paracetamol usingon-line electrochemistry/liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry

Lohmann W. ; Baumann A. ; and Karst U.
    Electrochemistry and LC-MS forMetabolite Generation and Identification: Tools

Guengerich F. P.
    Common and uncommon cytochrome P450 reactions related tometabolism and chemical toxicity

Calza P. and Pelizzetti E.
    Photocatalytic transformation of organic compounds inthe presence of inorganic ions

Calza P. and Vione D.
    Surface water photochemistry

Gligorovski S. ; Strekowski R. ; Barbati S. ; and Vione D.
    EnvironmentalImplications of Hydroxyl Radicals ((•)OH)

Prime R. B. ; Bair H. E. ; Vyazovkin S. ; Gallagher P. K. ; and Riga A.
    Thermogravimetric analysis (TGA)

o.A.
    NO TITLE

Ballesteros-Gomez A. ; Boer J. de ; Leonards P. E. G.
    A novel brominatedtriazine-based flame retardant (TTBP-TAZ) in plastic consumer products and indoordust

Birnbaum L. S. and Staskal D. F.
    Brominated flame retardants: cause forconcern? Environmental health perspectives 112, 1, 9-17

Boer J. de ; Ballesteros-Gomez A. ; Leslie H. A. ; Brandsma S. H. ; Leonards P. E.G.
    Flame retardants: Dust - And not food - Might be the risk

Wit C. A. de ; Alaee M. ; and Muir D. C. G.
    Levels and trends of brominatedflame retardants in the Arctic

Wit C. A. de ; Herzke D. ; and Vorkamp K.
    Brominated flame retardants in theArctic environment--trends and new candidates

Wilson, S. J. 2004. AMAP Assessment
    Persistent organic pollutants in the Arctic.AMAP Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Programme, Oslo.

Ikonomou M. G. ; Rayne S. ; and Addison R. F.
    Exponential Increases of theBrominated Flame Retardants, Polybrominated Diphenyl Ethers, in the Canadian Arcticfrom 1981 to 2000

o.A.
    Muir, D. C. G., Backus, S., Derocher, A. E., Dietz, R., Evans, T. J., Gabrielsen, G. W.,Nagy, J., Norstrom, R. J., Sonne, C., Stirling, I., Taylor, M. K., and Letcher, R. J. .Brominated Flame Retardants in Polar Bears (Ursus maritimus) from Alaska, theCanadian Arctic, East Greenland, and Svalbard. Environ. Sci. Technol. 40, 2, 449

Möller A. ; Xie Z. ; Sturm R. ; and Ebinghaus R.
    Polybrominated diphenyl ethers(PBDEs) and alternative brominated flame retardants in air and seawater of theEuropean Arctic

Brown T. N. and Wania F.
    Screening chemicals for the potential to be persistentorganic pollutants: A case study of Arctic contaminants

Watanabe I.
    Environmental release and behavior of brominated flame retardants

Öberg K. ; Warman K. ; and Öberg T.
    Distribution and levels of brominatedflame retardants in sewage sludge

Cruz R. ; Cunha S. C. ; and Casal S.
    Brominated flame retardants and seafoodsafety: a review

Eljarrat E. ; Labandeira A. ; Marsh G. ; Raldua D. ; Barcelo D.
    Decabrominated diphenyl ether in river fish and sediment samples collecteddownstream an industrial park

Kim U.-J. ; Jo H. ; Lee I.-S. ; Joo G.-J. ; and Oh J.-E.
    Investigation ofbioaccumulation and biotransformation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers,hydroxylated and methoxylated derivatives in varying trophic level freshwater fishes

Trabalon L. ; Vilavert L. ; Domingo J. L. ; Pocurull E. ; Borrull F. ; and Nadal M.
    Human exposure to brominated flame retardants through the consumption of fish andshellfish in Tarragona County (Catalonia, Spain)

Wu J.-P. ; Guan Y.-T. ; Zhang Y. ; Luo X.-J. ; Zhi H. ; Chen S.-J. ; and Mai B.-X.
    Trophodynamics of hexabromocyclododecanes and several other non-PBDEbrominated flame retardants in a freshwater food web

o.A.
    Richtlinie /65/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni zur Beschränkung der Verwendung bestimmter gefährlicher Stoffe in Elektro

o.A.
    NO TITLE

o.A.
    NO TITLE

o.A.
    NO TITLE

Zennegg M.
    Identification of novel brominated flame retardants in new productsof the Swiss market

Ruan T. ; Wang Y. ; Wang C. ; Wang P. ; Fu J. ; Yin Y. ; Qu G. ; Wang T. ; and Jiang G.
    Identification and Evaluation of a Novel Heterocyclic Brominated FlameRetardant Tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) Isocyanurate in Environmental Matrices near aManufacturing Plant in Southern China

List of Substances of Possible Concern (OSPAR), 2006. List of Substances of PossibleConcern (OSPAR)
    ): Section a, 52434-90-9, List of Substances of PossibleConcern (OSPAR) (2006)

Environment Canada ; 2. Environment Canada
    Rapid Screening of Substancesof Lower Ecological Concern: Results of the Ecological Screening Assessment.

Zhu N. ; Li A. ; Wang T. ; Wang P. ; Qu G. ; Ruan T. ; Fu J. ; Yuan B. ; Zeng L. ; Wang Y. ; and Jiang G.
    Tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate,hexabromocyclododecanes, and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in mollusks fromChinese Bohai Sea

Zhang Y. ; Zheng M. ; Wang L. ; Lou Y. ; Shi L. ; Ke R. ; and Wang B.
    Highlevel of tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate (TBC) and hexabromocyclododecanes(HBCDs) in sediments from the intertidal zone of New River Estuary-a polluted anddegraded wetland

Wang L. ; Zhang M. ; Lou Y. ; Ke R. ; and Zheng M.
    Levels and distribution oftris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate and hexabromocyclododecanes in surfacesediments from the Yellow River Delta wetland of China

Wang L. ; Zhao Q. ; Zhao Y. ; Lou Y. ; Zheng M. ; Yu Y. ; and Zhang M.
    Determination of heterocyclic brominated flame retardants tris-(2, 3-dibromopropyl)isocyanurate and hexabromocyclododecane in sediment from Jiaozhou Bay wetland

Zhang X. ; Li J. ; Chen M. ; Le Wu Zhang ; C. Zhang ; J. Zhou ; Q. and Liang ; Y.
    Toxicity of the brominated flame retardant tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate inzebrafish (Danio rerio)

Dong Z. ; Hu Z. ; Zhu H. ; Li N. ; Zhao H. ; Mi W. ; Jiang W. ; Hu X. ; and Ye L.
    Tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate induces depression-like behaviors andneurotoxicity by oxidative damage and cell apoptosis in vitro and in vivo

Li J. ; Zhang X. ; Bao J. ; Liu Y. ; Li J. ; Li J. ; Liang Y. ; Zhang J. ; and Zhang A.
    Toxicity of new emerging pollutant tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate onBALB/c mice

Li J. ; Liang Y. ; Zhang X. ; Lu J. ; Zhang J. ; Ruan T. ; Zhou Q. ; and Jiang G.
    Impaired gas bladder inflation in zebrafish exposed to a novel heterocyclic brominatedflame retardant tris(2,3-dibromopropyl) isocyanurate

Bergmann M.
    Bestimmung polybromierter Diphenylether in Kunststoffen undUntersuchungen zum Emissionsverhalten

Guo J. ; Stubbings W. A. ; Romanak K. ; Nguyen L. V. ; Jantunen L. ; Melymuk L. ; Arrandale V. ; Diamond M. L. ; and Venier M.
    Alternative Flame Retardant,2,4,6-Tris(2,4,6-tribromophenoxy)-1,3,5-triazine, in an E-waste Recycling Facility andHouse Dust in North America

Lu F. C.
    Biotransformation of toxicants

Hoffmann T. ; Hofmann D. ; Klumpp E. ; and Küppers S.
    Electrochemistry-massspectrometry for mechanistic studies and simulation of oxidation processes in theenvironment

Faber H. ; Lutze H. ; Lareo P. L. ; Frensemeier L. ; Vogel M. ; Schmidt T. C. ; andKarst U.
    Liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry to study oxidativedegradation of environmentally relevant pharmaceuticals by electrochemistry andozonation

Faber H. ; Vogel M. ; and Karst U.
    Electrochemistry/mass spectrometry as a toolin metabolism studies-a review

Bussy U. ; Boisseau R. ; Thobie-Gautier C. ; Boujtita M.
    Electrochemistry-mass spectrometry to study reactive drug metabolites and CYP450 simulations

Karst U.
    Electrochemistry/mass spectrometry (EC/MS)--a new tool to study drugmetabolism and reaction mechanisms

A.I. Balabanovich ; M.P. Luda ; G. Camino ; A. Hornung.


GROENEWOUD W. M.
    CHAPTER 2 - THERMOGRAVIMETRY

Ronald Luijk ; Harrie A.J. Govers.
    Thermal degradation characterisitcs of highimpact polystyrene/ decabromodiphenylether/ antimony oxide studied by derivativethermogravimetry and temperature resolved pyrolysis-mass spectrometry: formation ofpolybrominated dibenzofurans, antimony (oxy)bromides and brominated styreneoligomers

Canle L. M. ; Fernandez M. I. ; and Santaballa J. A.
    Developments in themechanism of photodegradation of triazine-based pesticides

Inthavong C. ; Hommet F. ; Bordet F. ; Rigourd V. ; Guerin T. ; and Dragacci S.
    Simultaneous liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry analysis of brominatedflame retardants (tetrabromobisphenol A and hexabromocyclododecanediastereoisomers) in French breast milk

Zhong Y. ; Li D. ; Zhu X. ; Huang W. ; and Peng P.’a.
    Solvent effects onquantitative analysis of brominated flame retardants with Soxhlet extraction

Martln J. ; Santos J. L. ; Aparicio I. ; and Alonso E.
    Analytical method forbiomonitoring of endocrine-disrupting compounds (bisphenol A, parabens,perfluoroalkyl compounds and a brominated flame retardant) in human hair by liquidchromatography-tandem mass spectrometry

Köppen R. ; Becker R. ; Jung C. ; Piechotta C. ; and Nehls I.
    Investigation ofextraction procedures and HPLC-DAD/MS for the determination of the brominatedflame retardant tetrabromobisphenol A bis(2,3-dibromopropylether) in environmentalsamples

McGrath T. J. ; Morrison P. D. ; Ball A. S. ; and Clarke B. O.
    Selectivepressurized liquid extraction of replacement and legacy brominated flame retardantsfrom soil

Amakura Y. ; Tsutsumi T. ; Sasaki K. ; Toyoda M. ; and Maitani T.
    Comparisonof Sulfuric Acid Treatment and Multi-layer Silica Gel Column Chromatography inCleanup Methods for Determination of PCDDs, PCDFs and Dioxin-like PCBs in Foods

Amakura Y. ; Tsutsumi T. ; Sasaki K. ; Toyoda M. ; and Maitani T.
    Cleanup offood samples with pre-packed multi-layer silica gel column for the analysis of PCDDs,PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs

Zhu B. ; Lam J. C. W. ; and Lam P. K. S.
    Halogenated flame retardants (HFRs)in surface sediment from the Pearl River Delta region and Mirs Bay, South China

Guerra P. ; Eljarrat E. ; Barcelo D.
    Analysis and occurrence of emergingbrominated flame retardants in the Llobregat River basin

Hyötyläinen T. and Hartonen K.
    Determination of brominated flame retardantsin environmental samples

Montie E. W. ; Letcher R. J. ; Reddy C. M. ; Moore M. J. ; Rubinstein B. ; and Hahn M.E.
    Brominated flame retardants and organochlorine contaminants in winterflounder, harp and hooded seals, and North Atlantic right whales from the NorthwestAtlantic Ocean

Covaci A.
    Determination of brominated flame retardants, with emphasis onpolybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in environmental and human samples—areview

Sühring R. ; Barber J. L. ; Wolschke H. ; Kötke D. ; and Ebinghaus R.
    Fingerprint analysis of brominated flame retardants and Dechloranes in North Seasediments

Sühring R. ; Busch F. ; Fricke N. ; Kötke D. ; Wolschke H. ; and Ebinghaus R.
    Distribution of brominated flame retardants and dechloranes between sediments andbenthic fish--A comparison of a freshwater and marine habitat

Lu D. ; Feng C. ; Wang D. ; Lin Y. ; Qiu X. ; Xu Q. ; Wen Y. ; She J. ; Wang G. ; andZhou Z.
    Multi-analyte method development for analysis of brominated flameretardants (BFRs) and PBDE metabolites in human serum

Habermehl G. ; Göttlicher S. ; and Klingbeil E.
    Röntgenstrukturanalyseorganischer Verbindungen

Hesse M. ; Meier H. ; Zeeh B. ; Bienz S. ; Bigler L. ; and Fox T.
    Spektroskopische Methoden in der organischen Chemie

Dietrich J. P. ; Strickland S. A. ; Hutchinson G. P. ; van Gaest A. L. ; Krupkin A. B. ; Ylitalo G. M. ; Arkoosh M. R.
    Assimilation efficiency of PBDE congeners inChinook salmon

Kim M. ; Guerra P. ; Alaee M. ; and Smyth S. A.
    Occurrence and fate of fournovel brominated flame retardants in wastewater treatment plants

Munschy C. ; Olivier N. ; Veyrand B. ; and Marchand P.
    Occurrence of legacyand emerging halogenated organic contaminants in marine shellfish along Frenchcoasts

Lörchner D. ; Dittmann D. ; Braun U. ; Kroh L. W. ; and Köppen R.
    Investigationof two triazine-based heterocyclic brominated flame retardants by coupledthermogravimetry-Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy

Lörchner D. ; Kroh L. W. ; and Köppen R.
    First insights into electrochemicaltransformations of two triazine-based brominated flame retardants in model systems

Lörchner D. ; Kroh L. W. ; and Köppen R.
    1,3,5-Tris-(2,3-dibromopropyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4,6-trione: kinetic studies and phototransformation products

Lörchner D. ; Kraus W. ; and Köppen R.
    Photodegradation of the novelbrominated flame retardant 2,4,6-Tris-(2,4,6-tribromophenoxy)-1,3,5-triazine in solventsystem: Kinetics, photolysis products and pathway

Magauer T. ; Martin H. J. ; and Mulzer J.
    Totalsynthese des AntibiotikumsKendomycin durch Photo-Fries-Umlagerung und Ringschlussmetathese
