strategy:alternate

Ahrens Thomas ; Hanke Hans-Joachim ; Scheel Wolfgang
    Baugruppentechnologie der Elektronik

Ametek Advanced Measurement Technology Inc
    Multiplexed Measurements using the 7225, 7265 and 7280 DSP Lock-in Amplifiers: Application Note AN 1004

Ametek Advanced Measurement Technology ; Inc. Model
    DSP Lock-in Amplifier: Instruction Manual

Andus Electronic ; ANDUS ELECTRONIC GmbH (Hrsg.)
    Strombelastbarkeit auf Leiterplatten

ASTM International
    Test Methods for Destructive Shear Testing of Ball Bonds

Bailey G. C. ; Ehrlich A. C.
    A study of rf nonlinearities in nickel

Bargel Hans-Jürgen ; Hilbrans Hermann ; Schulze Günter
    Werkstoffkunde. 10. Berlin [u.a.] : Springer

Bath Jasbir
    Lead-free soldering. New York : Springer

Bergmann Wolfgang
    Werkstofftechnik. 5. München : Hanser

Binder Harry H.
    Lexikon der chemischen Elemente: Das Periodensystem in Fakten, Zahlen und Daten ; mit vielen tabellarischen Zusammenstellungen

Birolini Alessandro
    Reliability engineering: Theory and practice

Bochow-Ness Olaf ; Eckert Tilman ; Jaeschke Johannes ; Middendorf Andreas ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert
    Condition Monitoring of Microsystems Supporting Sustainability

Caruso H. ; Dasgupta A.
    A fundamental overview of acceleratedtesting analytic models

Carvalho N.B de ; Pedro J.C
    A Comprehensive Explanation of Distortion Sideband Asymmetries

Comsol Multiphysicsr ; Comsol (Hrsg.)
    Modeling Guide: COM-SOL 3

Coombs Clyde F.
    Printed circuits handbook

Daire Adam ; Goeke Wayne ; Tupta Mary A.
    New Instruments Can Lock Out Lock-ins: White Paper

Department of Defence
    Test Method Standard, Microcircuits

Deutsche Elektrotechnische Kommission
    Deutsche Normen. Bd. DIN IEC 326

DIN
    Zuverlässigkeit; Begriffe

Dobs Tom
    Entwurf eines Kalman-Filters zur Abschätzung der Restlebensdauer von Lotverbindungen

Dudek Rainer ; Rzepka Sven ; Dobritz Stephan ; Doring Ralf ; Keybig Kerstin ; Wiese Steffen ; Michel Bernd
    Fatigue Life Prediction and Analysis of Wafer Level Packages with SnAgCu Solder Balls

Eckert Tilman
    Entwicklung und Aufbau einer Monitorstruktur für Lotkontakte bei kombinierter Belastung

Engelmaier Werner
    Solder Joints in Electronics: Design for Reliability

Europäische Union
    Richtlinie 2011/65/EU Des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8

Fix Andreas R.
    Auswirkungen von thermischen, mechanischen und thermomechanischen Belastungen auf die Mikrostruktur bei SMD-Lötstellen

Georgii Hans-Otto
    Stochastik: Einführung in die Wahrscheinlichkeitstheorie und Statistik

Greig William J.
    Integrated circuit packaging, assembly and interconnections

Gross D. ; Seelig Thomas
    Bruchmechanik: Mit einer Einführung in die Mikromechanik

Groth Clemens
    FEM für Praktiker. 5. Expert-Verlag

Haiyu Qi ; Vichare N.M ; Azarian M.H ; Pecht M.
    Analysis of Solder Joint Failure Criteria and Measurement Techniques in the Qualification of Electronic Products

Halperin A. ; DiStefano T.H ; Shinwu Chiang
    Latent open testing of electronic packaging

Halperin A. ; DiStefano T.H ; Shinwu Chiang
    Latent open defect detection using phase-sensitive nonlinearity detection technique

HEGER ; B&B Sachsenelektronik GmbH (Hrsg.)
    Übersicht Basismaterialien Leiterplatten

Henke Heino
    Elektromagnetische Felder: Theorie und Anwendung

Holm Ragnar
    Die technische Physik der elektrischen Kontakte

Holm Ragnar
    Electric contacts: Theory and application

IPC ; Association Connecting Electronics Industries
    Performance Test Methods and Qualification Requirements for Surface Mount Solder Attachments

IPC ; Association Connecting Electronics Industries
    Acceptability of Printed Boards

Jaeschke Johannes
    Bewertung der Lebensdauer von Lotverbindungen unter Betrachtung des Fehlermechanismus Elektromigration

Jaeschke Johannes ; Kleff Jessica ; Müller Wolfgang H. ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert
    Evaluating the effects of electromigration by using adjustable solder joints of concave shape

Jardine A. K. S. ; Tsang Albert H. C.
    Maintenance, replacement, and reliability: Theory and applications

JENNINGS D. ; Kelkar N. ; Dasgubta A. ; Pecht M.
    Smart Electronic Systems for Condition-Based Health Management

Kasukabe Susumu ; Tanaka Minoru
    Reliability Evaluation of Thick Film Resistors Through Measurement of Third Harmonic Index

o.A.
    Keller, Jürgen U. ; Universität Siegen (Hrsg.): Wärmeübertragung. https://www.mb.uni

Kirby P. L.
    The Non-linearity of Fixed Resistors

Kleppmann Wilhelm
    Taschenbuch Versuchsplanung: Produkte und Prozesse optimieren

Krucker Gerhard
    Spice-Modell für eine Glühlampe

Krüger Michael
    Untersuchung elektrischer Verbindungen im Gigahertz-Bereich zur Zustandsüberwachung von Mikrosystemen

Krüger Michael ; Eckert Tilman ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert
    Non-destructive electrical measurement of interconnect degradation in early states by the use of RF signals

Krüger Michael ; Middendorf Andreas ; Ndip Ivan ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert
    Measurement and analysis of the impact of micrometer scale cracks on the RF performance and reliability of transmission lines

Krüger Michael ; Middendorf Andreas ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert ; Lang Klaus-Dieter
    A Thermal Model for Non-linear Distortion in Printed Circuit Lines for Condition Monitoring of Electronics

Krüger Michael ; Nissen Nils F. ; Reichl Herbert
    Intermodulation Distortion as Indicator for Flip Chip Solder Joint Degradation

Krüger Michael ; Trampert Stefan ; Middendorf Andreas ; Schmitz Stefan ; Lang Klaus-Dieter
    Early-state crack detection method for heel-cracks in wire bond interconnects

Kukal Taranjit S.
    PSpice Convergence Guide

Kwon Daeil
    Detection of Interconnect Failure Precursors Using RF Impedance Analysis

Kwon Daeil ; Azarian Michael H. ; Pecht Michael G.
    Early detection of interconnect degradation using RF impedance and SPRT

Lall Pradeep ; Lowe Ryan ; Goebel Kai
    Prognostics and Health Monitoring of Electronic Systems

Lau John H. ; Wong C. P. ; Prince J.L
    Electronic packaging: Design, materials, process, and reliability

Lide David R.
    CRC handbook of chemistry and physics: A readyreference book of chemical and physical data

Lorenz Hans P. ; Pötzlberger Hans W.
    Klirrdämpfung von Widerständen

Lui P. L.
    Passive Intermodulation Interference in Communication Systems

Maas Stephen A.
    Nonlinear Microwave and RF Circuits

Meares Larry
    A Tungsten Lamp Model: Intusoft Newsletter

Millard G. H.
    Measurement of Non-Linearity in Cracked Carbon Resistors

Miller L. F.
    Controlled Collapse Reflow Chip Joining

Nielsen Ole S.
    Reliability Testing of Nominally Linear Components by Measuring Third Harmonic Distortion: CLT 10 Component Linearity Test Equipment: Application Note

Nöllecke Christian
    Einfache Funktionsskizze eines Lock-In-Verstärkers

O’Connor Patrick D. T.
    Test engineering: A concise guide to costeffective design, development and manufacture

Ohring Milton
    Reliability and failure of electronic materials and devices

Pecht Michael
    Prognostics and health management of electronics

Pedro J. C. ; Carvalho N. B.
    On the use of multitone techniques for assessing RF components’ intermodulation distortion

Pedro Jose C. ; Carvalho Nuno B.
    Intermodulation Distortion in Microwave and Wireless Circuits

Peterson V. ; Harris P.-O.
    Harmonic testing pinpoints passive components flaws

Puttlitz Karl J. ; Stalter Kathleen A.
    Handbook of lead-free solder technology for microelectronic assemblies

Reichl Herbert
    Direktmontage: Handbuch für die Verarbeitung ungehäuster ICs

Rinne Horst ; Mittag Hans J.
    Statistische Methoden der Qualitätssicherung

Rösler Joachim ; Harders Harald ; Bäker Martin
    Mechanisches Verhalten der Werkstoffe: Mit 34 Aufgaben mit Lösungen

Ruge I. ; Mader H.
    Halbleiter-Technologie

Sauerbier Thomas ; Mildenberger Otto
    Theorie und Praxis von Simulationssystemen: Eine Einführung für Ingenieure und Informatiker

Schätzing Wolfgang (Hrsg.)
    FEM für Praktiker. 2.

Scherf Helmut
    Modellbildung und Simulation dynamischer Systeme: Eine Sammlung von Simulink-Beispielen

Schubert Thomas ; Kim Ernest M.
    Active and non-linear electronics

Scofield John H.
    Frequency-domain description of a lock-in amplifier

Sehr Frederic
    Aufbau eines Messplatzes zur Untersuchung der Nichtlinearitäten von Festwiderständen

Seliger Günther
    Sustainability in manufacturing: Recovery of resources in product and material cycles

Shimizu Kaori ; Shimada Shigeki ; Sawada Shigeru ; Hattori Yasuhiro
    Contact Area Analysis by FEM with Plating Layer for Electrical Contact

Shitvov Aleksey P. ; Zelenchuk Dmitry D. ; Schuchinsky Alexander G. ; Fusco Vincent F. ; Buchanan Neil
    Mapping of passive intermodulation products on microstrip lines

Shitvov A.P ; Zelenchuk D.E ; Schuchinsky A.G ; Fusco V.F
    Passive intermodulation in printed lines: effects of trace dimensions and substrate

Sikorska J. Z. ; Hodkiewicz M.
    Prognostic modelling options for remaining useful life estimation by industry

Straube Stefan
    Untersuchung der Übertragungseigenschaften von Flip-Chip-Lotverbindungen unter fortschreitender Degradation

Trampert Stefan
    Optimierung einer Differenzverstärkerschaltung hinsichtlich Verzerrungs- und Rauscharmut zur Messung des Linearitätsverhaltens elektrischer Verbindungen

Trampert Stefan
    Entwicklung eines verzerrungsarmen Leistungsverstärkers zur Messung des Linearitätsverhaltens elektrischer Verbindungen

Tummala Rao R. ; Rymaszewski Eugene J.
    Microelectronics packaging handbook

Verein Deutscher Ingenieure
    Simulation von Logistik, Materialfluss und Produktionssystemen - Begriffe

Vicente Carlos ; Wolk Dieter ; Hartnagel Hans L. ; Gimeno Benito ; Boria Vicente E. ; Raboso David
    Experimental Analysis of Passive Intermodulation at Waveguide Flange Bolted Connections

Weinstein D.
    Passive Intermodulation Distortion in Connectors, Cable and Cable Assemblies

Winter Mark ; WebElements Ltd U. K. (Hrsg.)
    WebElements: the periodic table on the WWW

Wunderle Bernhard
    Thermo-Mechanical Reliability of Flip-Chip Assemblies with Heat-Spreaders

Yarmchuk E. J. ; Cline C. W. ; Bruen D. C.
    Latent defect screening for high-reliability glass-ceramic multichip module copper interconnects

Zelenchuk D. E. ; Shitvov A. P. ; Schuchinsky A. G. ; Fusco V. F.
    Passive Intermodulation in Finite Lengths of Printed Microstrip Lines

Zelenchuk D. E. ; Shitvov A. P. ; Schuchinsky A. G. ; Fusco V. F. ; Torbjorn O.
    Passive Intermodulation On Microstrip Lines
