strategy:alternate

Abts Dietmar ; Mülder Wilhelm
    Grundkurs Wirtschaftsinformatik

Aggarwal Charu C.
    An Introduction to Text Mining

Aggarwal Charu C. ; ChengXiang Zhai
    A Survey Of Text Classification Algorithms

Aggarwal Charu C. ; ChengXiang Zhai
    A Survey of Text Clustering Algorithms

Ananiadou Sophia ; McNaught John
    Introduction. In: Sophia Ananiadou und John McNaught (Hg.): Text mining for biology and biomedicine. Boston: Artech House

Ananiadou Sophia ; McNaught John (Hg.)
    Text mining for biology and biomedicine

Baars Henning ; Kemper Hans-George
    Management Support with Structured and Unstructured Data—An Integrated Business Intelligence Framework

Banchs Rafael E.
    Text Mining with MATLAB®

Bange Carsten
    Werkzeuge für Business Intelligence

Berry Michael W. (Hg.)
    Survey of text mining

Berry Michael W. ; Castellanos Malu (Hg.)
    Survey of text mining II

Berry Michael W. ; Kogan Jacob (Hg.)
    Text mining. Applications and theory. SIAM International Conference on Data Mining. Chichester

Bill Thorsten ; Michaeli Rainer
    Competitive-Intelligence-Evolutionsphasen in der Praxis

Bloehdorn Stephan ; Cimiano Philipp ; Hotho Andreas ; Staab Steffen
    An Ontology-based Framework for Text Mining

Bodendorf Freimut
    Daten- und Wissensmanagement

Böhn Martin
    ECM-Markt - ein Strukturierungsansatz

Bonte Achim ; Glaß Robert ; Horn Anne ; Mittelbach Jens
    Multilinguale Suche in Bibliothekskatalogen - ein semantischer Ansatz mit Open-Source-Software und Open Data

Brückner Thomas (Spektrum ; Akad. Verl. 2004)
    Textklassifikation. In: Kai-Uwe Carstensen

Bügel Ulrich ; Knaf Hagen ; Laufs Uwe
    Technologieentwicklung: Theoretische und praktische Unterstützung mit Data Mining

Carpineto Claudio ; Romano Giovanni
    Concept data analysis

Chen Hsinchun Dr.
    Knowledge Management Systems - A Text Mining Perspective

Cohen Aaron Michael ; Hersh William R.
    A survey of current work in biomedical text mining

Eggert Sandy ; Stritzel Martha
    47 Business Intelligence Lösungen im Überblick

Eggert Sandy ; Stritzel Martha
    63 CRM-Systeme im Vergleich

Felden Carsten
    Extraktion, Qualitätssicherung und Klassifikation unstrukturierter Daten

Felden Carsten
    Text Mining als Anwendungsbereich von Business Intelligence

Feldman Ronen ; Dagan Ido
    Knowledge Discovery in Textual Databases (KDT)

Feldman Ronen ; Sanger James
    The text mining handbook

Findeisen Dirk
    Wissensmanagement meets Business Intelligence

Gabriel Roland ; Dittmar Carsten
    Der Ansatz des Knowledge Managements im Rahmen des Business Intelligence

Gerstl Peter ; Hertweck Matthias ; Kuhn Birgit
    Text Mining: Grundlagen, Verfahren und Anwendungen

Gluchowski Peter
    Business Intelligence - Konzepte, Technologien und Einsatzbereiche

Hahn Udo ; Wermter Joachim
    Levels of Natural Language Processing for Text Mining

Hearst Marti A.
    Untangling Text Data Mining

Hearst Marti A.
    What Is Text Mining? Online verfügbar unter , zuletzt aktualisiert am 17

Hearst Marti A.
    Search user interfaces

Heinze Daniel T. ; Morsch Mark L. ; Holbrook John
    Text Mining Dictated Medical Records-AMIA In: Suzanne Bakken (Hg

Heitmann Benjamin
    NewsBlaster: Zusammenfassungen von Nachrichten aus mehrere Quellen

Heyer Gerhard ; Quasthoff Uwe ; Wittig Thomas
    Text Mining: Wissensrohstoff Text

Hippner Hajo ; Rentzmann Rene
    Text Mining zur Anreicherung von Kundenprofilen in der Bankenbranche

Hippner Hajo ; Rentzmann Rene
    Text Mining. In: Informatik Spektrum 29 (4)

Holzinger Andreas ; Geierhofer Regina ; Errath Maximilian
    Semantische Informationsextraktion in medizinischen Informationssystemen

Hotho Andreas; Nürnberger Andreas; Paaß Gerhard
    A Brief Survey of Text Mining

Jiang Jing
    Information Extraction from Text

Kaiser Carolin
    Opinion Mining im Web 2

Kao Anne ; Poteet Stephen R. (Hg.)
    Natural language processing and text mining

Kao Anne ; Quach Lesley ; Poteet Steve ; Woods Steve
    User assisted text classification and knowledge management

Kemper Hans-Georg ; Baars Henning
    Business Intelligence und Competitive Intelligence

Kemper Hans-Georg ; Baars Henning ; Mehanna Walid
    Business Intelligence - Grundlagen und praktische Anwendungen

Klamer Petra
    Evaluierung eines Text-Mining-Systems zur Dokumentklassifizierung für das Patentinformationssystem der DaimlerChrysler AG

Koch Stefan (Hg.)
    Customer & supplier relationship management

Konchady Manu
    Text mining application programming

Korkontzelos Ioannis ; Mu Tingting ; Restificar Angelo ; Ananiadou Sophia
    Text mining for efficient search and assisted creation of clinical trials

Laudon Kenneth C. ; Laudon Jane Price ; Schoder Detlef
    Wirtschaftsinformatik

Ledermüller Karl
    Text Mining Supported Skill Monitoring

Manhart Klaus Dr.
    Unstrukturierte Daten: Auf Datensuche mit Text Mining und Web Mining - computerwoche

Manning Christopher D. ; Raghavan Prabhakar ; Schütze Hinrich
    Introduction to information retrieval

Martin Wolfgang
    Big-Data-Analyse verwandelt Kundenkenntnis in Marktwissen

Mehler Alexander ; Wolff Christian
    Perspektiven und Positionen des Text Mining

Miner Gary
    Practical text mining and statistical analysis for nonstructured text data applications

NewsBlaster
    Columbia Newsblaster: Summarizing All the News on the Web (02/06/2013 - 02/09/2013)

Peris Martina ; Blinn Nadine ; Nüttgens Markus ; Japes Jens ; Schröder Gerd ; Keller Gerhard
    IT-Werkzeuge zur Vermittlung von Kenntnissen betriebswirtschaftlicher Anwendungssoftware

Pieper Michael J.
    Advanced Text Mining Methods for the Financial Markets and Forecasting of Intraday Volatility

Popowich Fred
    Using Text Mining and Natural Language Processing for Health Care Claims Processing

Riggert Wolfgang
    ECM - Enterprise Content Management

Runkler Thomas A.
    Data Mining. Methoden und Algorithmen intelligenter Datenanalyse

Russom Philipp
    TDWI Research Report : BI Search and Text Analytics

Schneider Gerold ; Zimmermann Heinrich
    Text-Mining-Methoden im Semantic Web

Schroeck Michael ; Shockley Rebecca ; Smart Janet ; Romero-Morales Dolores ; Tufano Peter
    Analytics: The real-world use of big data

Siegmund Carsten
    Einführung in Text Mining

Srivastava Ashok ; Sahami Mehran (Hg.)
    Text mining. Classification

Steinecke Ute ; Straub Walter
    Unstrukturierte Daten im Business Intelligence - Vorgehen, Ergebnisse und Erfahrungen in der praktischen Umsetzung

Sullivan Dan
    Document warehousing and text mining

Tan Ah-hwee
    Text Mining: The state of the art and the challenges

Ullmann Georg ; Marchenko Maxim
    Fehlerfreier Fehlerbericht

Ullmann Georg ; Marchenko Maxim ; Behrens Bernd-Arno ; Overmeyer Ludger
    Exzellentes Reklamationsmanagement

Ultes-Nitsche Ulrich
    Web 3.0 - wohin geht es mit dem World Wide Web? In: HMD - Praxis der Wirtschaftsinformatik (271)

Urbanski Jürgen ; Weber Matthias
    Big Data im Praxiseinsatz -Szenarien, Beispiele, Effekte

Weiss Sholom M. (Hg.)
    Text mining. Predictive methods for analyzing unstructured information

Weiss Sholom M. ; Indurkhya Nitin ; Zhang Tong
    Fundamentals of Predictive Text Mining

Zanasi A. (Hg.)
    Text mining and its applications to intelligence, CRM and knowledge management

Ziegler Cai-Nicolas
    Die Vermessung der Meinung

Ziegler Cai-Nicolas
    Text Mining: Reputation Intelligence und Sentiment Detection - Stummer Wächter

Ziegler Cai-Nicolas
    Mining for strategic competitive intelligence
